okay I'm replacing the model mounts on
these 2003 Mercedes from both size is
shaking engine
so I've already do the pickup the only
way to remove these modern miles is
removing the exhaust it's not other way
to take it off you need to remove the
exhaust the two lines from over there to
the engine I'm on I'm on the driver side
right now so this is the from the
steering and this is where the connects
the other exhaust yeah here is this part
right here is where the motor mount is
sitting okay sitting here and mount it
to the city to this we do this space and
same with other side but and this other
side I'm already install one already as
you can see this is the new one already
same here master mold exhaust there's no
other way to remove the monomers you
must remove it and it's it's a it's not
easy job but it's not complicate - it's
not to remove the exhaust Oh took me
like one hour to remove it and then
another 30 minutes to remove the the
mana mounts it's quickly up and how you
can tell the mount is bad is because
well right here on the bottom of the car
is that this is gonna cover if you
remove the cover you want to see all
this leakage all this Brown leakage here
that me is is oil mix it with water same
on the other side as you can see right
here Plus this shaking on the engine and
how you can tell you need a new model of
Mars so like I say I'm worried I'm
already doing half of the job
and he's telling you and show you how
how you must to do that different case
you need to replace it
okay so have a good luck thank you okay
what ah let's get this one okay this is
the old Maremma store up see flicking
oil hydraulics and this is a new ready
to install by the way some websites or
if you go to auto parts dealership is
going to tell you the driver side and
passenger